<pre>
  DIP: 73
  Title: For the Miners
  Author: Gene Redinger <gene.redinger@gmail.com>
  Status: Draft
  Type: Standards Track
  Created: 2020-04-04
</pre>

==Abstract==

This DIP increase mining rewards from the existing 10,000 flat reward to 25,000 dogecoin flat reward.

==Motivation==

Many economic and specutative groups have taken the coin and turned it into something it was never meant
to be. The community has the right to express their thoughts on this issue by taking direct action in creating
a more friendly ecosystem for miners and users without adding in additional benefits for the speculators.

This DIP is meant to be introduced alongside DIP 74 to allow for a more equiable network.

== Protocol ==

This DIP describes a change in the underlying core code for reward calculation. The change will occur at 2^22 block.

<pre>
if (!consensusParams.fSimplifiedRewards)
    {
        // Old-style rewards derived from the previous block hash
        const std::string cseed_str = prevHash.ToString().substr(7, 7);
        const char* cseed = cseed_str.c_str();
        char* endp = NULL;
        long seed = strtol(cseed, &endp, 16);
        CAmount maxReward = (1000000 >> halvings) - 1;
        int rand = generateMTRandom(seed, maxReward);

        return (1 + rand) * COIN;
    } else if (nHeight < (6 * consensusParams.nSubsidyHalvingInterval)) {
        // New-style constant rewards for each halving interval
        return (500000 * COIN) >> halvings;
    } else if (nHeight >= (1 << 22)) { // on block 4,194,304
        return 25000 * COIN; // increase reward to 25,000
    } else {
        // Constant inflation
        return 10000 * COIN;
    }
</pre>

== Speculative Impacts ==

The economic market may respond negatively to the announced increase in supply of the crypto. This could lead to
more violitile markets leading up to the change.

However, 1 doge will be 1 doge rather it's minted from block 2^0 or 2^128.

== Security Impacts ==

This DIP does not impact the security of the network in terms of availability, confidentiality, and integrity.